hi everyone I'm Cory and I have a
youtube channel for dizzy brunette free
and every single week angry talking all
things beauty makeup and skincare today
I'm going to be telling you about my top
beauty trick now this is something that
I've been keeping quite hidden so I'm
about to tell you it today and that is
how to perfect winged eyeliner when
you're not very good at winged eyeliner
the amount of times that I have tried to
do it and I've ended up with bigflix up
to my eyebrows or basically arrives
covered my whole island and eyeliner
I've literally lost count and I got to
the point where I just gave up then one
day I suddenly had a bit of a brainwave
whilst I was kind of doing my makeup
when I saw some paper out of the corner
of my eye and ever since i have been
using this trick to perfect winged
eyeliner so all you're gonna need is
eyeliner of choice make sure that it is
an eyeliner that you feel comfortable
drawing your line with because obviously
they have lots of difference like
there's lots of different tips and nibs
and this one my favorites l'oreal food
products it's got a really really thin
kind of felt tip almost pen it's really
good it's kind of one of those ones you
can't when you go to wrong with you're
also going to need a piece or paper just
something like this can be anything and
what you're going to do is is just fold
it in half so you've got a nice straight
line now all you're going to do is
you're going to first of all line just
your eyelid as you would normally do so
I tend to do quite a fin just black line
across my lash line and then when you
get to it's a part of the edge when you
want to do a wind-like flip all you do
is get your piece of folded paper
position it where you want your flick to
be and then all you do is draw along
that line with your liner so you draw
along it and then you go back on the
line as if you're doing like a triangle
shape just to create the flick then what
you do is you just join everything
together with the liner and you have a
pretty perfect cat i winged liner effect
then you do exactly the same on the
other i just making sure it's in a
relatively same position so that your
lines look pretty even again throw it
across the strait line thrown it back up
to the line you've already drawn and
you're done literally takes about 10
seconds your eyeliner looks pretty
perfect and you pretty much found a
foolproof way to do winged eyeliner this
is what I do every single day piece of
paper eyeliner and no one would ever
know but you have promised me that you
will keep
secret because we don't want everyone
knowing about this so that was my top
beauty trick I hope you enjoyed it I
hope you enjoyed finding out how to do
wind eyeliner they're kind of the lazy
girl way let me know in the comments
down below what your top booty trick is
because I would love to find out but
give the video a thumbs up if you did
enjoy it and don't forget to come say
hello to me on my youtube channel the
link will be down below so you can come
and say hi and watch my videos thanks
for watching and I will see you next
week bye
you